Create afraser.md (#19)
rocketinsights/web-blueprint: README.md

    - [What deployment platform will you use?](#what-deployment-platform-will-you-use)
    - [Other questions to consider](#other-questions-to-consider)
- [Soapboxes](#soapboxes)
  - [Angular](#angular)
  - [General Software Development Best Practices](#general-software-development-best-practices)
  - [Java](#java)

>   - [Node.js](#nodejs)

Reviewer: Is your soapbox missing here?

## What has worked for us in the past

> Establishing trust with clients can make the difference between getting the job done and exceeding expectations, [afraser](https://github.com/afraser) has some opinions on this stuff, but here's a high-level:

Reviewer: I would link to your soapbox instead of your profile.

Author: oops!

- Communicate. A lot.

> - Deliver on promises.

Reviewer: I like this. Would it make sense to say:

> Set expectations.  Deliver on promises.

Author: love it!

> - Speak from experience (and in terms of what makes people happy or unhappy)

Reviewer: Present ideas frequently is gone.  I would add it back and maybe even add to it:

> Present ideas frequently and get feedback.  Get decisionmakers on your side.

Author: I actually rolled the decisionmaker bit into "Transcend your team." ... I guess I was hesitant about this one because it didn't feel as put-together of an idea. I'll try and fit it back in.

## What has worked for us in the past

> [Establishing trust with clients](soapbox/people/afraser.md) can make the difference between getting the job done and exceeding expectations, [afraser](https://github.com/afraser) has some opinions on this stuff, but here's a high-level:

Reviewer: I would reword to this 
```suggestion
Establishing trust with clients can make the difference between getting the job done and exceeding expectations, [Adam F's soapbox on this has good suggestions](soapbox/people/afraser.md) but here's a high-level overview:
```

- Communicate. A lot.
- Set expectations. Deliver on promises.
- Speak in terms of what makes people happy or unhappy.
- Big ideas are more likely to be entertained if they're already built. Build it, then show & tell.
- Make developers' lives easier through automation etc.
- Transcend your team by communicating with Design, UX, etc.
- Speak in terms of real users and use cases.
- Pay attention to detail. Delight developers, designers and users.

> - Know when and how much to push back.

Reviewer: I like this.  But what about:

`Know when and how much to push back. Pick your battles and always _be tactful and respectful_.`

Author: I feel like the second bit is redundant (pick your battles is the "when", I'll add the bit about tact to the soapbox though)
